(motorcycle engine revving)
[Baji] So, Mikey,
d'you tell everybody
to meet at the shrine?
[Mikey] Yeah, but
more importantly,
how's your new junior high?
(sighs) Boring!
No one there's got
any damn guts at all.
If I went to your junior high
school you'd never be bored.
It's so cool to
have a motorcycle!
It's a GSX250E, right?
Great job fixin' it
up, musta took awhile.
Yeah, it did!
It was pretty rough
when I got it.
But I found a bunch of people
who could get me used parts.
(motorcycle engine revving)
Now it's the coolest
250 in Tokyo!
Hmph, it's the
coolest in Tokyo, huh?
Well my Zephyr's the
best in all o' Japan.
(motorcycle engine revving)
Huh?
Hey, hey, hey, now.
You wanna talk shit like that
don't try doin'
it in front of me!
My Impulse here is the best
bike in the world, my friend.
You're all thinkin' too small.
-(motorcycle engine revving)
-Hm?
(laughs) Whattayou guys even
got worth fightin' about
when you're all still
stuck here on planet Earth?
My Rocket's the best
bike in the universe!
(motorcycle engine revving)
[Baji] Ha, so you little shits
finally grew some pubes eh?
[Draken] Huh, look
who's talkin'.
Whoa I'm getting
really sleepy. (sighs)
(motorcycle engine revving)
-Huh?
My CBX400F's the best of all!
It's a race to the shrine!
Damn you, that's
not a fair race!
That's cheating and you
damn well know it, Pah!
I'll beat you anyway!
Last one there's gonna
get his ass kicked!
(Mikey snoring)
Hey, What the hell are you doing
falling asleep, Mikey?
Wake up, you're gonna
fall off, you dumbass!
Mikey, wake up!
(opening theme music)
(Baji groaning)
Damn it!
Thanks a lot for all the help.
Took ya long enough.
You're dead last.
That's not my fault,
he was dead asleep on my back
the whole time, passed out!
-Excuses much?
-Yeah, pretty lame, dude.
Easy for you to say!
Hm, are we here?
So what'd you want to
talk to us about, Mikey?
There's a gang called the
Black Dragons, heard of 'em?
Yeah I've heard of 'em
and I also heard that
they're brutal as hell.
Three years older than us.
Mm-hmm.
Why didn't you come and
talk to us, Kazutora?
Instead I had to
hear it from Baji.
You've been fighting
the Black Dragons
on your own, haven't you?
[Takashi] What? Kazutora got
into it with the Black Dragons?
No way!
He can't help it.
I guess Kazutora lives right
inside the Black Dragons' turf
I see what's happening.
Hey, Wait a minute, you're
not planning to throw down
against the Black
Dragons are you, Mikey?
Yup.
But these guys are the
real deal, that's for sure.
So we're gonna need a
good reason to do this.
Hey, I've got an idea.
Let's just start our
own gang, you guys!
-Huh?
-A biker gang, just us?
Hell yeah!
-Huh?
Hey, that sounds good to me.
And we already know
everyone's position too.
Our commander's gonna
be the invincible,
cocky little shit, Mikey!
Aw, you're making me blush.
Our vice commander's gonna be
our dependable big bro, Draken!
Our mediator, Takashi Mitsuya,
will command our elite guard!
Our powerhouse, Pah,
will carry our banner!
And alongside me as our
attack unit, Kazutora.
Okay, but guys, are you
sure you wanna do this?
I've already decided
on our new gang's name.
-Yeah, what is it, dude?
-Huh?
We'll be the Tokyo Manjiro Gang!
[All] So lame!
Well that's a stupid name.
But on the bright side,
I'm definitely down with
the idea of starting a gang.
Yeah, well that's a start.
I guess your point is that
if we had our own gang
then we'd have a good
reason to throw down
with the Black Dragons,
even with a sucky name.
[Mikey] Ouch!
Starting up a gang
sounds super exciting!
But that name does suck.
You guys suck!
Well, then I guess it's settled.
Huh?
(soft music)
We're willing to give you
everything that we've got.
Create this new
age for us, Mikey.
Right!
What kind of gang do
you guys wanna have?
Hm, let's see...
The kind that I want
is the kind of gang
where we can all risk
our lives for each other,
every one of us!
Hey, let's buy some charms
to make this official!
-Yeah, good idea!
-All right, let's do it!
Hey hurry up, you guys,
what're you waiting for?
Come on before they run out!
Damn, guys, that's expensive.
313 yen.
-50 yen.
-100 yen.
-15 yen.
-25 yen.
[Takashi] 32 yen.
(bikers sighing)
Oh you gotta be shittin' me,
none of us can afford one!
Yeah, maybe not.
But if we all pitch in,
we'll be able to buy one.
(bikers gasping)
You should hold on
to it for us, Baji.
That's right.
You're the reason we formed
the gang in the first place.
Yeah, that's good.
Take care of it for us.
(soft music)
I'll take good care of it.
Count on me, that's a promise.
(somber music)
And here it is,
this is the charm.
(Takemichi sobbing)
I'm not the one
who created Toman.
It was Baji.
If one of us gets hurt,
the rest of us protect him.
We wanted to be a gang
that protected one another.
That's the kind of gang we
promised each other we would be.
Baji was fighting, (sobs)
fighting all on his
own this whole time!
All to keep that
promise! (sniffs)
(Takemichi sobbing)
I'm sorry Baji, I failed.
-(sirens blaring)
-Uh oh.
Popo's coming.
Come on, boys, we're outta here.
Yo, ever'body out!
Get lost, scatter, scram!
[Kazutora] I'm gonna
stay with Baji.
You should get out of here.
Why, Kazutora?
I'm responsible for all of this.
I want to be the
one to pay for it.
[Mikey] All right then.
Gotta go Toman, everybody out!
-Got it, Draken.
-Right!
(soft music)
(gang member sobbing)
Mikey!
I know I can never be forgiven.
Not about Shinichiro,
and not, about Baji.
But it's a burden I'll have
to carry, the rest of my life.
(soft music)
[Takemichi] On
October 31st, 2005
150 members of the
Tokyo Manji Gang
fought 300 members of Valhalla.
The conflict, which
ended in Toman's victory,
resulted in one
death, and one arrest.
And eventually, the conflict
would come to be known as,
The Bloody Halloween.
I brought you some just
like you asked me to,
it's still hot.
Chifuyu, I could sure go
for some Peyang
yakisoba about now.
Let's split it, kay?
That's what we did the
first time we met, too.
We split it.
[Teacher] Starting today,
and if you do well,
for the next three years,
all of you will
have the great honor
to be students at
this esteemed school.
(student grunting)
I expect each and every one
of you to do your very best,
(student grunting)
in both academics and
in club activities.
(student grunting)
We trust that you will leave
here far more dignified
and more respectful than
when you first came.
(student groaning)
Yeah well, respect
stuff's not happening,
not even a little.
'cause I'm the most
important guy here.
(rock music)
You're so freaking
awesome, Chifuyu!
Teachers don't seem to
intimidate you at all.
Yeah, man, you could
probably take over
the whole country
if you wanted to!
You dumbass, I ain't
interested in any of that shit.
The older delinquents are
all lame nowadays, anyway.
That's why being one
isn't cool anymore.
(soft music)
Hey, Chifuyu, check
out what we just heard!
Hm?
There's a new kid in Class
3 that got held back!
And he's a first-year!
Stop it, you can get
held back in junior high?
Right!
He's gotta be some insane
kind of delinquent!
Yeah, all right.
Well then, guess I
better let him know
who's the boss around here.
Whoa, you don't leave any doubt
about who's on top
here, do you, Chifuyu?
Hey you.
Which one's Baji, the new kid?
Uh.
Huh, that guy?
-That's him?
-Yeah.
[Chifuyu] Seriously?
The four-eyes with
the slicked-back hair?
[Student] Mm-hmm.
They held back a guy like him?
Betcha 100 yen his
parents made him quit
to work as an errand boy.
100 yen says he's a
scared lonely shut-in.
10 says he just quit coming
because he thought
school was stupid.
I'm outta here, this
is a waste of time.
I see, so that's
what that means.
Hm?
Huh?
Who're you?
Chifuyu Matsuno from Class 1.
Never heard've ya, Chifuyu.
-Tell me, nerd.
-Huh?
[Chifuyu] What's
this s'posed to be?
[Baji] That's
"Tora," for "tiger".
Well it's wrong.
No way!
I coulda sworn I had
that one exactly right!
What the hell?
Why're you dressed like a nerd
when you can't even write tiger?
Tora, oh, this can't
happen, I can't go back!
[Chifuyu] Huh?
I can't let them
hold me back again.
It'd break Mom's heart!
(chuckles) So serious.
This is "tiger".
Oh!
Hey thank you,
you're a good guy!
(chuckles) So, what's this
you're tryin' to write here?
-Well it's, uh...
-Huh?
It's a friendship letter.
Huh?
To a pen pal, that's gross!
You shut up! It's none of your
damn business who I write to!
I'll murder you!
[Chifuyu] (chuckles )Okay
okay, hot-head, chill out.
Oh hey, you got
this one wrong too.
[Baji] Huh? Seriously?
[Friend] Yo, what're you
spacin' out about, Chifuyu?
[Chifuyu] Huh?
Oh, I'm just still thinking
about that nerd I met.
[Friend] Huh? Why?
You'll forget about him
by tomorrow. (laughs)
-Hey, Matsuno!
-Huh?
(bikers laughing)
Listen here, jackass,
Where d'you get off
stompin' on my homeboy here
without my permission, huh?
Heh heh, you went an
pissed off the commander
of the Mandala biker
gang, you idiot!
[Gang Member]
You're finished now!
You're gonna see what happens
to anyone who
defies us, Matsuno!
You are gonna learn some
manners and some respect today!
And oh it's gonna hurt too!
Hmm.
(blow thuds)
(gang leader groaning)
Oh, I am so sorry!
I was trying to greet you
and I hit you with
my head instead.
But you?
Ambushing somebody
with eight against one?
Hmph, biker gang, my ass!
How lame.
(bikers growling)
-(blows thudding)
-(combatants grunting)
[Gang Member] Kill him!
(blows thudding)
(gang members
laughing and taunting)
I'm not gonna be able to hold
out much longer on my own...
End of the line, gonna
crack yer head open!
[Chifuyu Voiceover] Oh shit!
Eight of you against one kid?
And armed no less,
how lame can you get?
[Gang Leader] Ugh,
who the hell are you?
[Chifuyu] Is that you, Nerd?!
Hey, I managed to get
that letter finished!
Thanks a lot fot he help.
What the hell're
you talking about?
As a thank-you I'll
help you out with this!
No, dumbass, that's a bad idea!
(leader growling)
-(blow thuds)
-(leader groaning)
Huh?
You knocked him out
cold with one punch!
Who are you?
I'm the Tokyo Manji Gang's
First Division Captain.
I'm Keisuke Baji!
(rock music)
[Chifuyu Voiceover] No
way, he took 'em all out,
all by himself?
Listen up, you assholes!
When somebody hurts
one of our guys,
the Tokyo Manji gang
comes after 'em with
everything we've
got and crushes 'em!
So remember that.
This guy here is my friend.
Lay a hand on him,
and next time I'll
destroy your whole gang!
'Kay, got it!
-Hey, Chifuyu.
-Huh?
-Like some yakisoba?
[Chifuyu Voiceover]
This is the first person
I've ever had any respect for!
Yes, I would sir!
[Baji] I live here, on the
fifth floor, stop by sometime.
[Chifuyu] Really, I live
here too, on the second!
[Baji] Ha, well whattya know?
We live in the same building.
[Chifuyu] Yeah!
[Chifuyu Voiceover]
The first person
I ever thought was cool,
and the first person I ever
had any desire to follow
was Keisuke Baji.
[Baji] Hi Mom, I'm home.
Huh, are you kidding,
we only have one left!
Mom!
[Chifuyu] It's okay, I-
I don't really need one.
Hmm.
Hey, let's you and I split it.
(Chifuyu sobbing)
Oh Baji!
Thanks so much, Chifuyu.
You shouldn't have
said thank you!
That just wasn't fair! (sobs)
How the hell am I supposed
to go on now without you?
Hm?
(soft music)
I was told to expect to be
in here at least 10 years.
But is even that enough?
I'm not running away.
I need to face up to what I did.
At least I learned that
much from him, and...
So this time, I'm going to
actually do the right thing.
[Draken] Don't kill
yourself, Kazutora.
(Kazutora gasps)
[Kazutora] How did you?
I know what you meant
because I know what
you're thinking right now.
And I'll never forgive you
if you take your own life
to try to make amends.
But I just, I don't
know what else there is.
What else can I do?
I have a message from Mikey.
Huh?
He told me to tell you this:
"You're still a part of Toman."
This is what you wanted
me to do, isn't it?
Huh, Baji?
"And I forgive you."
(Kazutora sobs)
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)